Changed "Redis Labs" to "Redis Inc" (#91789)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-overview.md

| Basic | An OSS Redis cache running on a single VM. This tier has no service-level agreement (SLA) and is ideal for development/test and non-critical workloads. |
| Standard | An OSS Redis cache running on two VMs in a replicated configuration. |
| Premium | High-performance OSS Redis caches. This tier offers higher throughput, lower latency, better availability, and more features. Premium caches are deployed on more powerful VMs compared to the VMs for Basic or Standard caches. |

> | Enterprise | High-performance caches powered by Redis Inc's Redis Enterprise software. This tier supports Redis modules including RediSearch, RedisBloom, and RedisTimeSeries. Also, it offers even higher availability than the Premium tier. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enterprise | High-performance caches powered by Redis Inc.'s Redis Enterprise software. This tier supports Redis modules including RediSearch, RedisBloom, and RedisTimeSeries. Also, it offers even higher availability than the Premium tier. |
```

> | Enterprise Flash | Cost-effective large caches powered by Redis Inc's Redis Enterprise software. This tier extends Redis data storage to non-volatile memory, which is cheaper than DRAM, on a VM. It reduces the overall per-GB memory cost. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Enterprise Flash | Cost-effective large caches powered by Redis Inc.'s Redis Enterprise software. This tier extends Redis data storage to non-volatile memory, which is cheaper than DRAM, on a VM. It reduces the overall per-GB memory cost. |
```
